## Output

All output files will be placed in a directory named `results` that will be created the first time you run PROseq_etal.

Preprocessing output:

1. `trimmed`: fastq files processed with fastp.
1. `reports`: Reports about trimming generated by fastp.
1. `fastqc`: fastqc output.

Alignment output:

1. `align`: Bam files generated by chosen aligner.
1. `sorted_bam`: Bam files sorted by coordinate with SAMtools.

MACS2 output:

1. `macs2_callpeak`: peak calls from MACS2
  * This is the only MACS2 output if the `method` parameter in your config is set to `PROseq`.
1. `macs2_differential`: output of `macs2 bdgcmp` comparison of Input to enrichment using subtraction comparison.
1. `macs2_enrichment`: output of `macs2 bdgcmp` comparison of Input to enrichment using fold difference comparison.
1. `macs2_sort`: sorted output from `macs2_differential` and `macs2_enrichment`; needed to run bedGraphtobigWig.
1. `macs2_FE_bw`: bigWig versions of `macs2_enrichment` bedGraphs
1. `macs2_diff_bw`: bigWig versions of `macs2_differential` bedGraphs.

HOMER output:

1. `homer_tagDir`: Tag directory created by HOMER, which HOMER requires as input for all of its tools.
1. `homer_findPeaks`: Peaks called by HOMER.
1. `homer_mergePeaks`: Merged HOMER peaks, merged with HOMER.
1. `homer_annotatePeaks`:  HOMER called peaks annotated by HOMER. Both the separate and merged peaks are annotated.

Coverage files:

1. `genomecov`: BedGraphs generated with `bedtools genomecov`.
  * If `method` is `PROseq`, then separate plus and minus strand versions of all coverage files will be generated, with directories appended with `_plus` and `_minus` respectively.
1. `chrom_sizes`: Chromosome sizes used for bedGraphToBigWig.
1. `bg2bw`: BigWig versions of the coverage bedGraphs.

HTSeq quantification (PRO-seq only):

1. `quantify`: Calculation of gene body and pause site coverages using HTSeq, as well as pause indices calculated using a custom R script.
